[WIP]Server/transfer-content (#3535)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/install-overview.adoc

= Installation Overview
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

NOTE: CircleCI Server v2.17 uses the CircleCI 2.0 architecture.

> The following sectionsprovide step-by-step instructions for installing CircleCI Server v2.17 on Amazon Web Services (AWS) with Terraform. Refer to the https://circleci.com/server/changelog[changelog] for what's new and fixed in this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections provide step-by-step instructions for installing CircleCI Server v2.17 on Amazon Web Services (AWS) with Terraform. Refer to the https://circleci.com/server/changelog[changelog] for what's new and fixed in this release.
```
